Hey, welcome back.
Alright, so you've listened.
Uh, you've paid attention, you've
created silence, and let it speak.
And you've started a glimpse, a version
of your life that feels like you, right?
A version not shaped by
pressure or pretense, it's a
version that's actually yours.
Uh, but now something strange
tends to happen, okay?
You see the life.
You want the life, but you can't move.
Toward the life you stall,
you hesitate, you go blank.
You make excuses.
You suddenly feel small, and
there's a reason for that.
Your brain will never let
you become someone it doesn't
believe you already are.
Okay?
Because your mind is like a thermostat.
It regulates your identity.
If you begin to act too far outside
that identity, it will kick in
and bring you back to baseline.
Um, the safe, known, approved self, right?
It's not because it hates
you, it's because it thinks
it's helping you stay alive.
So we need to change that baseline, okay?
We need to upgrade your
subconscious self-image.
What we're gonna do next is identify
a few of the beliefs that have
shaped your internal thermostat
and begin to reprogram them.
Okay?
But here's the twist.
Most of these beliefs
don't sound dramatic.
It's not like "I'm worthless."
or "I'm broken." Okay?
They sound like "I could never
make money doing that.", or "If I
fail, I'll disappoint everyone."
"It's selfish to want more." "I'm
not disciplined enough." Right?
Harmless.
But every one of those sentences
becomes a glass wall between
you and the life you want.
Okay?
So today we're gonna find those
walls and start dissolving them.
So now open the Belief
Hacking Guide to get started.
Alright, we're gonna start small,
just one belief, one crack in the
wall, and you'll be amazed at how
fast the light starts pouring in.
Let's get started.